Replace third-party application pages by image.sc Community Partners links (#460)
ome/bio-formats-documentation: sphinx/users/index.rst

========================

Several third-party libraries and applications use Bio-Formats to read and write
imaging formats. The list below includes the projects registered
as :imagesc:`Community partners <about-the-community-partners-category/33685>`

> on the image.sc forum and use Bio-Formats for reading imaging file formats. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the image.sc forum which are known to use Bio-Formats for reading imaging file formats. The
```

forum is the primary discussion channel for these software projects and should be
used for any questions regarding installation, development or usage:

- :imagesc:`BiofilmQ <tag/biofilmq/1389>`
- :imagesc:`BioFormats.NET <tag/biology-tools/2947>`
- :imagesc:`Icy <tag/icy/73>`
- :imagesc:`MIB <tag/mib/1155>`
- :imagesc:`μManager <tag/micro-manager/252>`
- :imagesc:`Orbit <tag/orbit/1071>`
- :imagesc:`OMERO <tag/omero/72>`
- :imagesc:`PolusAI <tag/polusai/2552>`

> - :imagesc:`QuPath <tag/qupath/1025>`

Reviewer: Worth adding CellProfiler (https://forum.image.sc/tag/cellprofiler/61) as well, since it's still referenced on the `python-dev` page?

========================

Several third-party libraries and applications use Bio-Formats to read and write
imaging formats. The list below includes the projects registered as

> :imagesc:`Community partners <about-the-community-partners-category/33685>` on

Reviewer: Sorry, one more based on https://merge-ci.openmicroscopy.org/jenkins/job/BIOFORMATS-linkcheck/91/:

```suggestion
:imagesc:`Community partners <t/about-the-community-partners-category/33685>` on
```

> :imagesc:`Community partners <t/about-the-community-partners-category/33685>` on

Reviewer 2: I am afraid this link started to fail yesterday on the merge-ci, please see https://merge-ci.openmicroscopy.org/jenkins/job/BIOFORMATS-linkcheck/91/consoleFull. The link as cited on the merge-ci is https://forum.image.sc/about-the-community-partners-category/33685.
This link indeed does not work.

I am not sure this was intended to be rendered like ^^^, and I am afraid I do not see through how the link is exactly rendered from this line.
I note that this PR was merged yesterday. Any ideas @sbesson @melissalinkert please ?

Reviewer 2: Sorry, thinking about the sequence of events, the merging happened 7 hours ago, this was before that merge-ci job ran. But the PR was opened yesterday... so this could be the cause, rather than the merging.

Reviewer 2: Also, I believe the correct link is https://forum.image.sc/t/about-the-community-partners-category/33685

So the ``t`` is missing...

Author: >So the t is missing..

Wasn't that addressed in [3e76886](https://github.com/ome/bio-formats-documentation/pull/460/commits/3e768862aa31c8ce5c394206acc87d22cab1a535)? The nightly job is now passing - https://merge-ci.openmicroscopy.org/jenkins/job/BIOFORMATS-linkcheck/92/

Reviewer 2: > Wasn't that addressed in 3e76886?

ah, that is why I could not make sense of it, because it appeared to be fixed already, but the yesterday's job was failing. 

Thanks @sbesson for the PR and the clarification, indeed, now the job is green and the link checked in https://merge-ci.openmicroscopy.org/jenkins/job/BIOFORMATS-linkcheck/92/consoleFull is indeed

```
(     users/index: line   70) ok        https://forum.image.sc/t/about-the-community-partners-category/33685
```
